update ubuntu manual + observable (#129)
UtrechtUniversity/vre-docs: docs/workspaces/plain/ubuntu.qmd

## Access

> **Server workspaces:** Access via [SSH](../../first-steps.qmd#ssh). By clicking the yellow Access button for the workspace in the dashboard of SURF Research Cloud, you will be prompted to open a command line interface on your local pc/laptop to connect to your workspace via SSH. If you already have an edu key pair set up, type `yes` to trust the workspace and you will be connected to your SURF Ubuntu workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Command Line only workspaces:** Access via [SSH](../../first-steps.qmd#ssh). By clicking the yellow Access button for the workspace in the dashboard of SURF Research Cloud, you will be prompted to open a command line interface on your local pc/laptop to connect to your workspace via SSH. If you already have an ssh key pair set up, type `yes` to trust the workspace and you will be connected to your SURF Ubuntu workspace.
```

> **Server workspaces:** Access via [SSH](../../first-steps.qmd#ssh). By clicking the yellow Access button for the workspace in the dashboard of SURF Research Cloud, you will be prompted to open a command line interface on your local pc/laptop to connect to your workspace via SSH. If you already have an edu key pair set up, type `yes` to trust the workspace and you will be connected to your SURF Ubuntu workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Command Line only workspaces:** Access via [SSH](../../first-steps.qmd#ssh). By clicking the yellow Access button for the workspace in the dashboard of SURF Research Cloud, you will be prompted to open a command line interface on your local pc/laptop to connect to your workspace via SSH. If you already have an ssh key pair set up, type `yes` to trust the workspace and you will be connected to your SURF Ubuntu workspace.
```

> To set up an edu key pair for the first time, see the [setting up SSH access manual](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/spaces/WIKI/pages/195854434/Workspace+access+with+SSH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up an ssh key pair for the first time, see the [setting up SSH access manual](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/spaces/WIKI/pages/195854434/Workspace+access+with+SSH).
```
